Name: Muriel Agnelli

Affidavit:
My name is Muriel Agnelli. I was born in a house just one block away from Arthur Godfrey's birthplace. In college, I majored in psychology. My husband and I recently started a business raising Christmas trees. Although my real name is Agnelli, I write a daily column on human relations, which appears in some 150 newspapers under the name Dorothy Dix. I swear that the above statement is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Signed, Muriel Agnelli.

Conversations:
Q: Number two, where were you born?
A: Boston. Boston, Massachusetts.
Q: What college did you attend?
A: New York University.
Q: And what kind of psychology did you major in?
A: Just general psychology.

Q: Number one, what kind of psychology did you major in?
A: Child psychology.
Q: Could you tell me the name of a gentleman who's very well known in that field, who's working at Yale University? I was thinking specifically of a gentleman who's working at Yale University and publishes a bunch of books these days.
A: No, I don't know.

Q: Number three, can you give me the name of that child psychologist?
A: No, I studied general psychology.

Q: Number three, what is a Rorschach test?
A: That's an inkblot test.
Q: It is a what?
A: The inkblot test.
Q: And what was the name of the man who invented the word association test?
A: I don't remember.

Q: [R] Number one?
A: I don't know.

Q: How many Dorothy Dix's have there been?
A: Two.
C: Two.
Q: Where is the original Dorothy Dix right now?
A: She is dead.
Q: She is dead?
A: yes

Q: What was the original title of Dorothy Dix's column number two?
A: Oh, Column on Human Relations.
C: That was the original title of Dorothy Dix's column.

Q: Number three, what was the original title of Dorothy Dix's column?
A: Dear Dorothy Dix.

Q: Number one, what is your answer to that?
A: Dear Dorothy Dix.
C: Dear Dorothy Dix.

Q: What is the title of a song, number one, once dedicated to Dorothy Dix?
A: I don't know.

Q: Number two, how far in advance do you get your columns to the syndicate?
A: Pardon me, I didn't get that question.
Q: How far in advance do you get your columns to the syndicate?
A: Oh, about six weeks.
Q: About six weeks in advance.
A: yes

Q: Number one, where is Godfrey's birthplace?
A: Baltimore.
Q: Baltimore. And where did you say you were born?
A: Baltimore.
Q: You were born in Baltimore.
A: Yes.

Q: Number three, where were you born?
A: New York City.
Q: In New York City. And you say you were born near where Godfrey lives.Where do you believe Godfrey was born?
A: About 105th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. 105th Street and Amsterdam.

Q: Number two, where was Arthur Godfrey born?
A: In Boston.
C: In Boston. Makes sense.

Q: Number two, how many years have you been writing the Dorothy Dix column?
A: Five years.
C: Five years.

Q: Number three, how many years have you been writing the Dorothy Dix column?
A: Seven.
C: Seven.

Q: Number one, how many years?
A: Five.
C: Five.

Q: Could you tell me how you were specifically chosen to replace Miss Dix?
A: I applied for the job.
C: You applied.

Q: Number two?
A: I was an assistant to Dorothy Dix.
C: You were assistant.

Q: Number three, you are the second Dorothy Dix. Is that correct?
A: Yes.
Q: When did Dorothy Dix die?
A: 1951, I believe.
Q:But you've been doing it for seven years?
A: Yes.

Q: Number two, what was Dorothy Dix's real name?
A: Elizabeth Meriwether Gilman.
Q: Was she a single or a married woman?
A: She was a married woman.
Q: What part of the country was she from?
A: She came from Kentucky.
Q: Did she speak with or without a southern accent?
A: She had a slight southern accent.
Q: What syndicate do you work for?
A: Bell Syndicate.
Q: Where do you raise Christmas trees?
A: In New Jersey.
Q: What is the trickiest thing about raising Christmas trees for sale?
A: Well, there's really no trick to raising Christmas trees because all you have to do is just let them grow and just prune them a bit for shape. That's all.

Q: Number one, how long have you been writing this column?
A: Five years.
Q: When did Dorothy Dix die?
A: 1951.
Q: Who do you get most of your inquiries from for advice? Are they teenagers or older women?
A: Mostly teenagers.

Q: Number two, how many years did you say you had been writing?
A: Five years
C: five years.

Q: Number three, what should I pay for a good eight-foot Christmas tree?
A: Oh, an eight-foot Christmas tree, if it's a real good shape, would cost about $10. That's what I paid for mine this Christmas.

Q: Number three, do you know what newspaper in Washington, D.C. carries your column?
A: And none.